Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the design group. I'll again very quickly just present some notes of that meeting. the the the problem with existing remote controls, we felt, was that they're ugly. they've got lots of buttons on them. that people don't use. and people lose them. that we're we should look at speech recognition rather than rather than buttons,. and that if we have any buttons they should be very few of them and only for those functions that are actually identified that that people use. we want to go for a long lasting battery. and a shape that will be instantly recognisable, A as a trendy remote control, and and as a Real Reaction product. again, I'll we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you. and then we'll we'll make a a final a final decision. and the the decisions that we need to to make today, finally, are what energy source we want to use,. And I I think our discussion was around the fact that if we're gonna go for a long lasting power supply, then basically it's sealed for life. and this is where I need Kate's expert advice. d do we go for a custom designed chip? Or or do we buy one off the shelf and and programme it ourselves? we we had some discussions last time as as to how we might go forward. and we'll we'll finalise those da today. and thi this is all linked in with the the the user interface,. and then, you know, for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the the look, feel and design,. Kendra the ho how the the user actually uses it. and and Andrew of course the the product evaluation. And Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to to look at.
I'll just be talking about the components design. basically I just looked at what exactly do remotes do. basically they wait for you to press a key or give a voice command. and then this is translated into light signals. which are then seen by the TV. the materials we're gonna need to look at the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery. and the in integrated circuit chip works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator, two more resistors and a capacitor. and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor.. basically what happens is you'll press a number or give a voice command. and this creates a a connection within the the remote. the chip then senses this connection. and produces a signal in a Morse code format. This signal's sent to the transistor. and then sends it on to the light emitting diode. which is then trai changed into a infrared light. as for how we should end up using this in our remote couple of main questions are the buttons. the fewer buttons you have, I guess the fewer internal connections and internal codes you're gonna need. however to not have buttons or to use a voice commands instead of buttons might make these connections more difficult. Also we have to work within the company constraints,. and the company has informed me via email that they're experts at pushbuttons. and that seems to be the most cost-effective way of producing it. also with battery connections the company has some limits on the batteries we can use,. so I was thinking perhaps a combination of solar cells with a back-up basic battery. and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years. we also need to look at the chips, custom-designed versus off the shelf,. and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility. and enable us to incorporate the voice function that we all seem to have agreed upon. however that's gonna cost more,. but the off the shelf is gonna be cheaper. but it's going to be less flexible with the features, especially things like voice activation,. so if we were definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design our own chip.
Inevitably a a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive. Do we do we know by how much?
I don't actually have any price information,
And and do we know how long it'll take to develop a a custom chip.
A lot longer than an off the shelf chip.
I think we need to make a a decision here. given that the company wants this on the market quickly and cheaply,. that would appear to effectively constrain us to an existing chip and thus therefore conventional button technology.
Does it make a difference if there are just a few commands,. for example if you can pre-programme in like numbers one through ten. and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one
Once you've got the whole voice chip in there, then it's pretty much the the world the the sky is your limit,
Given that, you know, mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling. speak somebody's name and it'll dial the number for you,
Of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive,
Given that the the technology is not well developed. and and given that it's it's never been done before,. perhaps we ought to stick to to buttons,
Maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost.
I kinda think if we're gonna have the voice recognition for part of it, then maybe we should have it for the whole thing. Anyway, I'm I'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it.
It will have voice recognition
So I did some research on the internet. the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users,. commands and mechanisms for the operation,. and there're just kind of a variety of choices. a lot of times they tend to look cluttered. and these were just a couple examples of different kinds that are a little bit more unusual. There're some special ones available, like this one right here,. which is marketed towards children, different designs,. and one of the things that we need to watch out for is a in volume. Bring a little picture of what I thought ours could look like. just kind of minimise the clutter,. avoid too many buttons. and also one of the things that people have used is a slide button, like you have on a mouse,. that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume, for example, have the slide button on the side,
I mean I think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they're they're si simple, cheap and reliable.
I think they're they're about the same cost really. there's a lot of slide buttons out there.
Okay, fair enough, fine.
For example if I'm using a mouse I like to be able to slide it up and down. so I thought it might be good for volume to just be able to kind of roll it and then have the up and down
So three three there's three buttons on a slider.
The only advantage I was thinking of to having the buttons, like the buttons on one side for the channel, and then the slider is that if you're just holding in your hand, and you pick it up, it's easy to s know, okay, this is just the volume and this is the channel.
'cause I've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume, or vice versa,. so it'd be kinda good to have them be feel completely different.
Like the shape of it almost like a mouse,
We have to come up with is the the actual shape. so we we're looking at sliders for both a volume and channel change
I was thinking kind of just for the volume,
In that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and the that for rolling,
This is my report on trend watching. The data's come off internet from executive summary for us on the top three things wanted by the consumer. And we got reports from Paris, Milan on new fashions. And the most important aspect is the the look. it has to look fancy, look and feel. instead of the current functional look and feel. I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect,. which is the technologically innov innovative side of it. and the third being easy to use is probably a given,
I think that what we're suggesting ought to address all three of those.
From the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes, et cetera. clothes, shoes and furniture. and a spongy material to be used on the on the outside.
That's different, certainly.
If we're going for the it looks fancy, then fashion is obviously the line we gotta be going through. But fashions do don't last very long.
That can kinda tie into our changing face things,. like we could have the fruit and vegetable theme this year. and whatever happens next year, we can have the face plates,
We can have a sp like a spongy skin on it
Also means you can drop it without damaging it.
Depending on the cost of the product itself, you know, could we have a cheaper cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed? Instead of having a ten year guarantee? With interchangeable covers, could just buy a new one every year, a new one when new fashions come out.
It's like the old Swatch watch. where on only batteries ever got changed in those,. 'cause people just bought a new one when it went out of fashion,
I I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one,
I mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last, you know, a long time. but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better.
What if we included the batteries in the cover?
Oh yeah. I like that. That all also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers
I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it you've then got the connection. whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all, you know, completely soldered together. and, you know giving people the option of buying a new a a complete new thing,. the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't it doesn't have a cover on at all, it will still work totally. then if, you know, if people lose the cover, I mean they they might be well inclined to go out and spend however many Euros on a on a new one rather than a a complete new re remote.
That that's just it with the covers, you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product.
It's it's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item. and, you know, as as external fashions change, then we get new new covers on the market and, you know, readily available.
Like they have for mobile phones. that are just fruits and animal prints and colours.
The fashions apply to furniture,
It's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their coffee table to say this says something about me. And you know, th the the design that I've got, and and it could be a a home-made design, you know this says this is not just a a television remote control,. I mean given that we've got you know one one on off button presumably, two buttons for channel change and one slider and basically nothing else,. we need to decide on the just the basic shape of the thing. And, know whether we go down the fruit and veg route,. and I don't suggest we make it look like a banana,. but know sort of the the organic, you know, curved look,. t to deliberately get away from the you know, the the the the square look of most current remotes. and, you know, whether whether the you know, the the fixed part of it is the corporate yellow. 'cause there's certainly you know, the the corporate logo needs to be prominently displayed
I dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow. yellow seems a bit of a strong colour
I mean we're we're we're simply it's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently.
I was sort of kinda picturing like maybe a shape that's almost like a mouse. because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand. maybe we could make it a slightly different shape. but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and
My idea was something a probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape. so that you can just sort of ho hold it.
You'd want it narrower than a mouse though. 'cause it a mouse you're kinda just resting on it,. you want something you can definitely grip.
So it's you sorta hold it in your hand like that, i with, you know, and fiddling with the buttons.
Kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this,
And then it widens up top
And then it would have a wider thing to have the light, the infrared light at the TV and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume. and the power could be wherever, up up the top or something.
I'm just I'm suddenly realising that yeah we're discussing how much how good it's gonna be to change channels. I mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it?
I think we I think we decided that we're actually going down both routes. we need the the manual controls
We're leaving out the buttons for the the less frequently used stuff,. but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice.
My personal view is that if it's not there, people wouldn't use it anyway.
You can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons. if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that and or do voice commands,. and either volume thing could also be to scroll through other options like and you could scroll through brightness
I'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available.
We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume.
If we if we're going down that route, then we need some sort of display.
But the television would be the display
We actually use the television, okay. Okay, okay, okay.
Like you hit menu. and menu will come up on television
So if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select.
I think we've actually very conveniently just come to a good point to to sum up. Kate and Kendra now go away. and pa play play with a bit of Plasticine or play-dough,. and actually put what we've discussed into something I was gonna say concrete,. and Andrew can go away and th th think about how we can actually market this as a concept and not not just a a a simple remote control.
Our energy source is gonna be
For simplicity of, you know, manufacturing and maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source,. and make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for we'll say at least five five ten years
And interchangeable case?
I i interchangeable case seems to be important to the concept. it it should be cheap, you know, if if we avoid any, you know, electrical connections. i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it to whatever they want, then I mean this is totally new. We we don't know whether. that to what extent people do it or not,. but if they've at least got a a good selection of covers that they can use anyway,. so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to a any of the famous supermarkets,
And are we gonna have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or
Because we've got so few buttons. that it that actually makes that redundant. cer certainly wider angle than than current,. so that if you're holding it, you know, anyway like you're likely to and it's you know, i i it will work most of the time. I sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing, then sort of the the whole of the top would be the the infrared. we're all clear where we go from here. thank you very much indeed. and I'll see you all again in thirty minutes.